Where can you find help to deal with the pressures and stress that come as you grow up?
Millions of people will give advice on just about anything.
But how do you sift through all the noise and find advice that really works with no hidden agenda?
Enter the Bible!
Wait a second, isn't the Bible like thousands of years old?
It is, but it s filled with our creator s timeless wisdom.
The Bible has principles or fundamental truths that help you make good decisions and work through problems.
It also introduces you to people who dealt with issues similar to yours.
Is it hard for you to make true friends?
Consider Ruth a woman in the Bible account who was an excellent example of a selfless empathetic friend.
Although Ruth and her friend Naomi were very different people in age and culture,
Ruth stuck with her friend during difficult times.
She looked out for her and really cared about her feelings.
Ruth is just one of the many real people in the Bible who overcame real problems.
Do you struggle to get along with your family?
Read about Jacob to learn how to deal with disagreements and make peace.
Are you being pressured to have sex?
Learn why Joseph stood up for himself and how he resisted the pressure.
Isaiah 48-17 says,
I, Jehovah, am your God, the one teaching you to benefit yourself.
God packed the Bible full of practical advice to help us in today s hectic world.
So why not check it out for yourself?
Read the Bible on jw.org or in print and learn how the Bible can help you live your best life possible.